[TW-279] OpenAPI 3.0 schema documentation (#3841)
postmanlabs/postman-docs: src/pages/docs/publishing-your-api/viewing-documentation.md

## Viewing API documentation

> Postman automatically generates API docs for any OpenAPI 3.0 compliant schema [defined in the API Builder](/docs/designing-and-developing-your-api/defining-an-api/). API developers can also [create detailed documentation](/docs/publishing-your-api/documenting-your-api/#generating-api-documentation) for any API to help consumers understand and interact with their API's endpoints.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Postman automatically generates API docs for any OpenAPI 3.0-compliant schema [defined in the API Builder](/docs/designing-and-developing-your-api/defining-an-api/). API developers can also [create detailed documentation](/docs/publishing-your-api/documenting-your-api/#generating-api-documentation) for any API to help consumers understand and interact with their API's endpoints.
```

Author: decided to just remove "compliant" as it's not really needed

> Postman automatically generates API docs for any OpenAPI 3.0 compliant schema [defined in the API Builder](/docs/designing-and-developing-your-api/defining-an-api/). API developers can also [create detailed documentation](/docs/publishing-your-api/documenting-your-api/#generating-api-documentation) for any API to help consumers understand and interact with their API's endpoints.

Reviewer: Should the second sentence be addressing devs directly? 

```suggestion
Postman automatically generates API docs for any OpenAPI 3.0 compliant schema [defined in the API Builder](/docs/designing-and-developing-your-api/defining-an-api/). You can also [create detailed documentation](/docs/publishing-your-api/documenting-your-api/#generating-api-documentation) for any API to help your users understand and interact with your API's endpoints.
```

Author: Since this page is about viewing (not creating) API docs, I don't want to assume the reader is a developer of the API. The reader may be a consumer or user.

## Viewing API documentation

Postman automatically generates API docs for any OpenAPI 3.0 compliant schema [defined in the API Builder](/docs/designing-and-developing-your-api/defining-an-api/). API developers can also [create detailed documentation](/docs/publishing-your-api/documenting-your-api/#generating-api-documentation) for any API to help consumers understand and interact with their API's endpoints.

To view documentation for an API:

> 1. Select **APIs** in the left sidebar, and then select an API and a version.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. Select **APIs** in the left sidebar, then select an API and a version.
```
